Everybody's here.
Surely the spies of your ten nations plugged into my Great Xia?
Of course, after killing you.
We will completely liquidate the Daxia court.
At that time, the entire Great Xia will be completely occupied by our ten countries.
Then I'm afraid you're too early.
One Knife Two Knife
Quang Lang army leader Truong Luong
Obeying the order to invade Thanh Vuong
Commander Zhang, you're just in time.
Bring these psychopathic bandits down to me immediately.
Right.
Truong Liang met Bach Hac Nguyen Quan
What is Zhang Liang doing?
Can't you hear me?
Of course he heard what you said.
But...
You can't give orders to others.
Didn't Zhang Liang tell you?
Whose orders do you listen to when you enter the temple?
Huyen Vu
I've never seen him.
How is that possible?
Nothing is impossible.
Because Huyen Vu
I've killed you.